welcome back YouTube to the tarmac tired
show with fleas at TV and TV I'm sorry
it's been so long since I've uploaded a
video I've been very busy fire Lance
came out and then the following week the
new season came out it's been busy
grading doing rated battlegrounds work
you know and fourth july weekend was in
between both releases so I've been very
busy this video is going to consist of
my user interface AKA you buy I've been
getting comments of hey what's this
what's that I'm just going to give you a
list of all my addons what they do I'm
going to explain them all show you what
they are should be very easy to follow
alright these are the add-ons that I use
MPC scan it is an add-on find ray
responds I have that back one I really
want to time lost proto drake don't
really use it that much it helps if
you're going for that the achievement to
get all the response and certain zones
like frostbitten is to kill all the
virus Ponson in northrend we got ad on
control panel this allows you to enable
and disable add-ons while you're inside
of world of warcraft so you don't have
to log out turn off the island log back
in you just you uncheck the box check
the box and then you click reload UI and
Adam will be on or off then Atlas loop
it gives you loot tables basically
anything in the game rating PvP you can
also search up random items legendaries
most useful thing I find Atlas before is
for the profession our crafting guide
has every single pattern all the mats
they need oxygenator it's an add-on that
helps you with your options it on my
list is the price one copper below the
one already in the auction house quick
easy to do
but shake aid it's just a skin for any
bar at on like bartender and dominoes
and stuff like that do impulse cool down
a little icon will pop up in the middle
of your screen and fade away every time
a cool-down comes off its cool down so
say I use vanish Oh flash up in the
middle of the screen and go back away
then I don't have to look down you know
I know the Vantage is right back up font
er yeah you can customize the foxing
game I think it's helpful male opener it
automatically takes any like auctions
like say you sold 60 stacks of something
open up your mail it'll just withdraw
all them by itself lot less clicking no
carpal tunnel it's good then makes the
scrolling battletech this add-on is very
very useful you can make it show just
buffs you gain debuff you gain you can
show damage you do you can show damage
taken it's it's very nice on a cc it
displays a countdown number of every
cool down that you use under action bar
poisoner for one of my most favorite
add-ons specifically for a road I
haven't really heard anybody else talk
about it or any other road to mention it
but it's awesome you left click and
they'll put a poison on your main hand
you right-click the poison put it on
your off hand middle click well mouse
click and it will be on your throwing
weapon when what's really cool about
this it'll tell you your poisons are
about to expire you'll hear that and
you'll see icons and on your screen so
you'll never have poisons off you know
it's very very helpful power or classic
little icons come up kind of like doom
poles but it's customizable you can set
certain abilities I use it mainly for
when a target gets below thirty five
percent for assassination for raiding it
all say sound and a little thing will
pop up on my screen you'll see it in my
videos a pop up in my screen I don't
know I don't even really have to
hesitate i want to check back see thirty
five percent or not rate achieved it
this this is pretty cool i used to do
c mehta runs and hold a wire and stuff
and if you're going to achievement and
you don't know if you've killed a
certain amount of things or if you miss
the time limit this will this will let
you know if you have the requirement to
get it or if you failed it it works in
heroics all the time tidy plates it can
display d buffs buffs you can customize
the width and the colors and text on
that it's really nice I don't use tip
tech it came with I'm pretty sure came
with click you buy okay I don't use Tom
somebody class combo points you'll see
it at the bottom I screeches common
points this also shows holy power
anything any class as a stacking ability
when all my warrior when my
thunderstruck stack two steps to the
three times you know cuz you improve
shockwave damage that it'll show the
stacks of that unholy death knight it'll
show the stacks your pet gets enemy's
death coil it's really useful dsm i
actually don't even know what that is
but it's for Chuck you I help you why I
used to use that but I like the Javas
edit which is i'm pretty sure it's what
the sm is now DUI the main UI c is is
the jovah's tuck you i edit now this UI
is basically for rating for pvp i'm so
used to it it doesn't matter but if you
don't like the focus where's that you'll
see it's an top Letang it's not very
good if you have focuses and the raiders
rams to the left a lot of pv peers like
having the middle or under their own
name plates and you can have this set
for healers which I believe the red
frames will be in the middle dks layout
in tank or pretty much the same
finally the last add on that I'm going
to go over that I use is deadly boss
mods now this Adam might be the most use
in the entire game I think it might be
it displays any incoming boss
modifications that happen to boss right
it's very awesome has timers and yells
at you and think that you're standing at
something it's great especially if
you're not very good at writing that's
all i have for you guys today he saw
youtube stay classy